Venerable
Shakyamuni Buddha,
Namo
Buddha, Venerable Shakyamuni Buddha,
Namo Buddha,
Venerable
Shakyamuni Buddha,
dear assembly, today is
a day when
all of us Buddhists rejoice to
celebrate the Buddha's birthday.
Actually, for us Buddhists, it
's very difficult to feel joy in our hearts about something.   It's
difficult because we usually only do things that
allow us to harbor greed and desire in our hearts
.
Without the mindset of greed and desire, it's difficult to accomplish anything.
So today, we are transforming the
worldly desire for greed into a desire
for the true Dharma to be proclaimed to all
levels of society.  It is precisely because we
organize festivals like this that we can
reach out to young men and women.   The reason
young people, all the
religious sects that reach a large audience, do so is because
they can reach the
younger generation.
Buddhism has traditionally only been
accessible to certain social classes: young people find
joy at home, while the
elderly find joy in the temple, and only those who are senile and senile
go to the temple.  Because of
this mindset, the Dharma is not
proclaimed.
In the old days, all our temples only had
elderly nuns.  Every day, people go to the temple to chant scriptures and strike the wooden bell;
they only know how to read a little,
otherwise they just go to recite Buddha's name.  Gradually,
the prevailing lifestyle trend became one where no
one could accept that.  So the
temple became a place where people sang and
performed, but the singing was for the
communal hall, and people called it the communal hall, which couldn't be
separated from the temple because the communal hall also hosted
village festivals.  But if the temple is
not near the communal house, then the
temple will be deserted, like the temple of my
grandmother.  So, at the village hall, the elders can go there to drink
alcohol and
eat and drink freely.  The pavilion must be
close to the temple.  That means the temple relies on
the blessings of the village communal house to attract people; otherwise,
if the communal house is at the beginning of the village and the temple is
at the end, the communal house will be bustling and
lively.  And at that time, there was
n't a single temple in sight.  The pavilion
built near the temple still manages to preserve a little bit of the
temple's history, which is that there are still people around.  Now
we help to promote the
flourishing of Buddhism through the Dharma lectures given by the
teacher, so that we may seek the teachings.  And
we celebrate
Buddhist festivals, such as Buddha's Day and the Vu Lan Festival,
with great fanfare, allowing us to
connect with new people who haven't yet
taken up any particular religion.  While they were
exploring, they encountered
these vibrant Buddhist celebrations, which made them
feel at ease and encouraged them to learn more.  But if
people were told that Buddhism only involves
eating vegetarian food, chanting Buddha's name, and striking the wooden bell to recite scriptures all day long,
they wouldn't choose it in the first place
.  People no longer have a choice.  But
if you're talking about how to live a comfortable life in Buddhism
, that's only possible through cultivating virtue.  As for the
rest, we can dress and
sing normally, and everyone really
wants to join Buddhism to have a
healthy spiritual life.
Although it's still singing, the
singing in Buddhism offers
people a sense of liberation.   There
are also songs and melodies, but many
different songs and melodies can arouse
lust in people.  So, the initial stages of sexual desire involve
a lot of romantic and affectionate moments.  Only
songs about Buddhism can guide people
towards liberation.  In other words, you plant
this seed of opportunity in people's minds, and then they will
investigate, investigate, and investigate further.
Yen remembers that what happily and joyfully inspired her to embrace
Buddhism was
the year she first attended a
wedding procession that took her all the way through Ha Long Bay
.  It was great, music everywhere.  So
everyone was happy that year, and the people on
both sides of the street came out to welcome them with great joy.
But from that year until now, it's been
almost decades.  It's been ten
years.  No, that's not going to happen anymore.
It seems that people view Buddhism in
a very one-
sided way.  Then, whatever needed to be said, Yen already
said yesterday.  So today, Yen would like to
commend all of
us.  Honestly, the dedication of each and every person in
our Golden Chrysanthemum Club is
truly
beyond words.  In other words, to
practice diligently, you need the right environment.
If we don't have a good environment for practice,
no one can lift our toes.
Therefore, before becoming a monk or nun, one must choose
an environment for spiritual practice.  That environment
must be characterized by diligence and
harmony.  Without harmony,
progress is impossible.  Only through harmony can progress be made
.  Because without harmony,
we will never be able to overcome ourselves
.  One person says something, then another
says something, and I'm completely speechless.
Self-centered ego and pride will get you
nowhere.  To accomplish great things, one
must be egoless, devoid of
self-interest; one must discard everything else
.  Therefore, we were able to organize this
grand ceremony because all of
us put aside our egos.  That's why, with
egolessness, one can accomplish great things.  But if she falls, she
won't be able to do it.
So, we've had a year like
this, and from next year onwards, Yen says that
even without Yen,
everyone will definitely do much better.
Why is that?  Because we're all
used to it.  I'm already familiar with each and every task
.  We just need to start
these tasks and meet together
in a spirit of diligence and
contribution, then everything will go very well.
So we never have to fear the snake
losing its head, right?  Are you scared?   Are
not.  That's not right.
Then the public would have to tell her to rest
assured, she could go home and everything would be fine.  It was only then that
Yen truly earned the title of "
excellent."  But if you say you're going, that would be
terrible.  That's it, this person is
terrible.  Because if I've been carrying tons of weight for so
long and no one knows how to do it, it turns
out I don't know how to carry tons of weight properly,
right?  Therefore, Yen needs to receive an
answer from everyone that she can rest assured,
everything is fine, and we are getting along well.
Sometimes it's just wounded pride.  Self-esteem is an extension of the ego,
folks.  Right?  I practice spiritual discipline to
eliminate my ego.  So how can we, if we wish,
follow in the footsteps of the
supreme being?  I am the sole supreme ruler.  If
we want to achieve that, we must
shatter our ego.  You have to be able to
fit in wherever you go.  Today, Yen
talked to the
students during their afternoon activities, and she said
that it's about who truly benefits the
most and who gains the most merit.
That person has a harmonious spirit.  A person
with a harmonious mind will always be able to rely on
the power of the Three Jewels.  Without a
harmonious mind, one cannot rely on the power
of the Three Jewels.  Because the Three Jewels
are all-encompassing, and the Buddha's wisdom is all-
encompassing, the Buddha's teachings are all-encompassing.  The monastic
community is all-encompassing because of its harmony
.  Taking refuge in the Three Jewels is essentially taking refuge in the Sangha (monastic community)
.  So, within the Sangha there
is the Buddha, the Dharma, and the Sangha.  That's how you increase from
within yourself.  If I cannot
harmonize with the masses, how can I govern
them?
Without harmony, one cannot govern
the masses.  No, and more broadly speaking, the
masses cannot control the masses
.  Because if someone in the group
disappoints you, and
you abandon that person, how can you achieve
harmony, how can you accomplish great things,
right?  But humans have
many intentions, and evil intentions are far more common than good ones.
What is evil?  That's just pride, right?  Self-pity
is a malicious intent.  It wasn't a good intention.
What does pride lead to?  Let go of hatred.  Once someone
leaves, resentment is inevitable.  Do the general public
agree?  Anyone who is easily offended is bound to
harbor resentment.  Therefore,
we must let go of our pride.  We
must make that self-esteem
our own ego.  Therefore, in our practice, we must strive for
harmony so that we are free from pride.
As long as there is pride involved, harmony is impossible.
Or, in the afternoon, Yen also gave an example to the
audience.  The incorrect example
is: Yen goes to
get the broom, takes the broom out, then
Yen gets the water glass, takes the water glass out, then
Yen gets the chair, takes the chair out.  That's what it's like to practice asceticism
.  If Yen makes 100 mistakes, then only then
can she be considered to have truly practiced
self-cultivation.   That
kind of spiritual practice, yes, that's what spiritual practice is.  But when will it ever end if, after making the
first mistake, the
second mistake, and the third mistake, they just glare at you and
then... what are all the mistakes
?  That's it, I'll choose this job instead of the other one
.  That's what you call
not knowing how to practice spiritual cultivation.  That's just called cultivating the
ego to grow.  It's called spiritual practice not about
self-improvement, but about allowing the ego to
grow.  Therefore, in spiritual practice,
we really just need to know how to skillfully identify
what our ego is that we need to destroy.  Then, if
we smash it, we will know how to practice self-cultivation.  You just need to
break down your ego to know how to practice self-cultivation
.  Therefore, I also hope that everyone will take
responsibility in each of their respective committees when they are
given a task.  And once you've taken on your responsibilities, you
have to coordinate with the other departments.  Only
when all the work of each department is
successfully completed can
our work be truly successful.  Because
we, the swallows, are like
a chain on that cart.  If we
lose one eye, we're doomed.  No matter how
excellent that other skill is, if we lose
an eye, we still have to keep learning.  Because
they are all interconnected.
None of our committees are
disconnected from one another.  So, for
example, the culinary department serves the employees.   If
you're in this committee, it's like this; if you're in that committee, it's like that
.  Is it considered service?
Road construction must serve the public.  If there
are no customers, who will I work with?  Right
?  Nothing is
unrelated or inseparable from the others, so no
committee can be omitted.  By being aware of this,
we will be able to get along with each other.
It must be conscious.  Therefore, we want the masses to
cultivate a sense of
harmony.  There.  Are the people in harmony?  Are you
trying to cultivate harmony?
We must cultivate harmony.  If we can cultivate
harmony, then wherever we go, we can
benefit all sentient beings.  I will not sow
seeds of division.  If we were not divided,
we would have been born in a land without
war.  That's in the best interest of the country
.  Right?  Today, Yen will
return to the topic of April 8th, the
day of Buddha's birth.  So, Yen hopes that
everyone will be very stylish, and from now on,
we should all prepare our
outfits in advance.  Everyone considers themselves to be wearing an
outfit that is both ao dai (Vietnamese traditional dress) and Indian clothing.
Decorate your own house.  That's it, that's it,
so we can welcome the Buddha after that, it will be really
wonderful.  For example, if next year the temple
holds the event on the evening of the 7th and the evening of the
8th, and we are no longer able to
organize it, where will we hold it then
?  Do they have any opinions on this?
Where?  So, can we organize large-scale events in
each individual Buddhist temple, one temple at a time
?  The large-scale organization within each
Buddhist community is like this.  Therefore, Yen
hopes that you will come up with
many means and
methods to
promote the teachings of Buddhism.  This day is a
very big anniversary.  So, in this post, Yen would also
like to add
that she has another idea, and
today she would like to share it with everyone and see
what you think.  We
have the Buddha's birthday, which brings
us the Dharma.  As for the day
he would become a monk, nobody thought about it.
Yen really wanted to celebrate the day her teacher became a monk
because if he hadn't become a
monk, we wouldn't have
this environment.  Isn't that right, everyone?
However, the day of his ordination was very
difficult to organize because it fell on the
full moon of the third lunar month.   If
everyone is going from house to house, will it be possible to
organize something?
That means we should think things through first
.  After that, we'll celebrate the full moon on the 14th,
then go to study Buddhism.
How could that have been possible before?  The day of ordination is
the day of ordination; there's no way to prepare for it
beforehand.   Okay, let's
do it before the full moon
.  The full moon ceremony was done in
the afternoon and evening of the 15th. There, the full
moon ceremony is over.  We'll still hold the
event as usual.  And finally...
On the Day of Atonement for the Dead, everyone gets a day off.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the hymn that was recited to
celebrate Buddha's birthday during the banquet
.  Yes, it will become a club anthem, a way for
us to both
make vows and celebrate the
birthday, as well as make vows for our spiritual practice
.  Therefore, this article will be saved on the
website as a separate post for
all of us to read.  The reason Yen
didn't let anyone else read along the other day was because she was afraid that holding a
microphone would make things chaotic, as she hadn't had time
to get everyone to read along with the
correct rhythm.  If readers interpret it this way and
others interpret it that way, it will become confusing.
So that day, Yen read the
vow alone.
And today, Yen will return to
her main task for the day.
The topic Yen wants to talk about today is
about fate and destiny.
This is a fortunate coincidence, allowing everyone
here, whether they are wearing Indian clothing
or traditional robes, or simply
living a peaceful and ordinary life, to find
joy and peace.  This is
just a humorous anecdote.  Previously,
in the flower group, Yen had a
flower group leader, now Thu, and on one side
was Khanh. Khanh and Thu
used to tease Yen, calling her "flower girl."  The flowers and foliage serve as a
backdrop for the main flower.  Do you see the flowers and grasses that
serve as a backdrop for the main flower?  Have.  There.   The
flowers and grasses serve as a backdrop for the main flower.  But if the
main flower has no other flowers or weeds, is the
main flower still beautiful?  Are not.
Not beautiful.  So, if the wildflowers are next to the
main flower, will they still look beautiful?
It's beautiful, isn't it?  That's why flowers and plants have become
so valuable.  Yesterday, when
Yen went on the parade, she was in a
meeting at home.  Everyone came in and said, "
Wow, Nga's makeup today is
so beautiful, it's Indian makeup!"  Ms. Huong does
makeup beautifully.  I'm afraid if you go out there, I'll be
completely overshadowed.
That's the general mindset of the information team
.  The general sentiment, as Thìn said, is that
she will be the most beautiful.
Without makeup, she would win
first prize for being unkempt.
Did it win first prize?
It won first prize.  Okay, let me put it
this way.  For those who are really unattractive,
we should do this to get rid of
this envious mindset.  I just want to be around really
beautiful people.
If I'm all alone,
nobody will pay attention to me.  But if I'm near
someone really beautiful, does that mean they'll take
notice of me?
Compared to being surrounded by bad people, do
I even get noticed?  With so many flowers and
plants, nobody would pay any attention.
If a few flowers and plants are added to make the flowers beautiful, then
of course the flowers and plants will get noticed,
right?  So we
[Applause]
we're ugly, so we just go near
beautiful people.  So, if it were
n't for Nga and Cuong
wearing those Indian outfits yesterday, then walking at the
front would have been really blurry.
Nobody watches it much, they don't watch it at all.  Because
Nga was wearing Indian clothes and Cuong was
wearing Indian clothes, the top row
stood out.  Of course I
get to be a part of it,
right?  Therefore,
wherever we are, if our hearts are filled with joy,
we will also experience great peace and happiness.  If
our hearts are filled with envy, can we truly find peace?   It's going to be annoying
.  That means
we can find something beneficial for
ourselves everywhere we go.
Now, for example, if an ugly person is near a
beautiful person, the ugly person will just keep worrying about the
beautiful person.  Here's the dress, put it on, and put on some
makeup.  It will happen naturally,
young people, there will naturally be another guy, someone who will push you, thinking
this girl has a beautiful heart.
There.  Now, Yen will add
another advantage.  A person who appreciates beauty
will fall in love with a beautiful woman.  If two girls, one
ugly and one beautiful, become close friends.
And for those who also seek beauty, if
they find the beauty
in a woman with such a kind heart,
then the ugly one will find
happiness, while the beautiful one will not.
Because beauty fades, and those who are
obsessed with beauty often lack inner substance,
right?  So, wouldn't that be unfair
to the guys?  It's not unfair,
is it?  If you are obsessed with beauty, then the beauty you
acquire will become outdated.  People will go looking for a
different kind of beauty.  And for someone who
disregards beauty and chooses to marry someone unattractive,
they must be looking for that person's character,
right?  We just need to cultivate our character,
and character doesn't need
makeup,
right?  This kind of makeup is really hard work
.
Because if you eat something right after you've finished drawing your lips, what's the point
?
If you wear makeup
, people
will like you when you're not wearing it.
But if it starts to fade, nobody will like you anymore
because it will wear off quickly
.  From the moment we got back from playing until we finished, the first thing
we saw was that we were completely
exhausted.
If the paint is all messed up, how can you not find it falling
apart?  But if things remain
the same, always the same, then
people will go looking for something else, they will
look for a different kind of character.  People no longer pay attention
to appearances.  Is that the
fragrance of virtue still wafting out?  They're still flying out there
.  So, to possess
that virtue, one must know how to
make others beautiful, right?
Don't be envious of others.  If you're
already ugly and envious, how can you possibly maintain your reputation?   Isn't it
annoying to frown and act so rudely? It's bad behavior,
and then to make things worse, it's even
worse, right?  Being ugly and having bad luck is really depressing
.  It's better to be ugly in appearance but
beautiful in character, but of course, being beautiful in both appearance and character is still beautiful,
right?
But if someone is beautiful but has a bad character, or
someone has a good character but is ugly, how would I choose someone with a
good character?  What's wrong with it?  They're like people
because only by living together can their relationship last a long time
.  So today we're talking about who
we are, and how
skillfully we think, so that
we can bring joy to ourselves and
others, right?
Otherwise, envy will
arise and cause us a lot of suffering, immense
suffering.  So, no matter where you are, if you're ugly,
you'll make yourself look ugly in the place where you know
for sure you'll be
.  Of course I have to
crawl, right?  But we know very well that
we will be bad because we
have to suffer for something.
Old age brings illness.
Therefore, we have to be bad; we can't help but be
bad.  As for makeup, it's
just borrowed, just borrowed.  Today, when she was doing
Yen's makeup, she kept staring at
Yen, but actually, she wasn't really looking at Yen at
all.  She's admiring the artwork
she created to see how it turned out.  And just like that,
I've become someone
else's creation.
I should be my own creation, right
?  I turned it sideways, then I turned it straight, I
looked to see if it was okay, to see if it was alright.
I don't know who I am.  I didn't even
know who I was.  So all of that
is
someone else's work.  Will we lose our
autonomy?
Losing autonomy because you are
not yourself.  I am merely a
creation of someone else.  And the same goes for
makeup.  It's just that it's called the
beauty of makeup, not the beauty of
oneself.  Whenever I'm without makeup,
I feel insecure.  But when you
lose your makeup and are out in front of a crowd, you lose
confidence.  But even though I'm flawed, I can
learn, I can improve myself, so
I don't lack confidence anywhere
.  Right?  That's right, Yen used to be the
same; if she stayed home without
makeup, she would almost lose confidence going out that day
.
He was very embarrassed.  But if
I didn't have that problem, if I didn't pay
attention to how I should apply my makeup,
I would feel more confident.  Today, Yen watched a
video, and I think it was made to slander someone
or something.  That means it jumped over the
Facebook network, and when Yen went to her work page,
it popped up there.  Seeing this woman eating,
constantly applying makeup like this, then you eat, take
a bite, then apply makeup again, take another bite, then apply makeup again, and then
put it in your mouth,
ruining your lipstick. And then you keep applying makeup like this, and then applying makeup again, and then
applying makeup again, and then applying makeup again, and then applying makeup again, and then applying makeup again, and then applying makeup again, and then applying makeup again, and then applying makeup again, and then applying makeup again, and then
applying makeup again, and the woman standing next to her, later got so angry that it seemed like she threw water or something in her face. That's what it means when you're so meticulous about your appearance, when you're so meticulous about your makeup, it
creates envy
or something like that in other people, and it will be difficult for friends to be
close.  Finding a best friend
is difficult.  Because if
one person is beautiful and the other is ugly,
what will happen to the other one?  He can't be completely devoted
to me.  Right?  He's not fully
committed to me.  Therefore,
today is the day when we, the disciples of the Yen clan, wish to
allow our kind hearts to
flourish.  That kind of understanding is
enough to ease my worries.  For those of
you young people who are
dependent on makeup, please be
confident. Study and practice Buddhism extensively, and
you will become confident and a source of support for
many people.  Yen told the audience
this story.
Why do I have so many friends?
The reason so many people come to me
is because I
can help them with whatever they need.  But the
greatest suffering is the mind, right?  And if it's
about economics, then they have to find partners
.  And all the partners are very
capable people.  But when it comes to
mental well-being, few people possess a truly
good mindset.  So, if you want to convey
this mental aspect to others, if you want to
advise people, you must overcome that
mental aspect yourself.  Only after truly experiencing it myself can
I empathize and share
.  That's precisely why it attracts
people's attention to you.  And that's how we
became friends.  It's just about having many friends
.  These people are all
Yen's friends because of their genuine affection, not because
of money.  Right?  Because of our
mindset, we tend to have many friends
.  Therefore, we are
ordinary people.  We all want good
friendships, and we all want
everything to go well.  So, on
this special day for the Buddha, how can we
cultivate a kind and virtuous heart
?  So today, Yen said that she was born with a kind and good
heart.  When you don't have
the
advantage of being beautiful.  Then we
'll make flowers and plants.  The flowers and plants are beautiful, aren't they?
Artificial flowers are always placed next to flowers, especially those
people like, so
we do a great job with artificial flowers.  I
wish everyone a
joyful and heartwarming birthday celebration, and I hope that
in future celebrations, even without my presence, everything will go
very well for Yen.  Yen is staying home and browsing the internet to
see how her friends are doing it.
Teacher Hoa commented, "
If a beautiful woman is with an ugly man,
what will happen to her heart?"  When a beautiful person is
with an ugly person, the beautiful person's heart often becomes
arrogant.
Often, beautiful people have a proud and arrogant nature
.   They
often criticize and find fault with ugly people.
Do you understand?
So how can
I possibly have an advantage over this beautiful woman?  I have to rely
on bad people so they can
see my true nature.  Because I have
one disadvantage: I'm surrounded by
people who only appreciate beauty.
That's right, people appreciate my beauty
so much that I don't have
many advantages.
The term "appearance" means that
people will be drawn to you if they enjoy looking at you, if they appreciate beauty
.  Introverted people, on the other hand, are
less likely to be attracted to
those who are conventionally attractive.  Because if people
know that an introverted person is
someone who is more attractive, they
will be proud and leave them.  So, that means they're not introverted
, they're not committed to you, they don't
share because they have too
many admirers around them, right?  Too many
satellites.  Therefore, men
who are more introspective often don't seek out
women who are excessively beautiful.
It's rare to find women who are exceptionally beautiful.  But
people want to find women with kind hearts.
So, we must cultivate our hearts so that
we treat our friends with genuine warmth and
harmony, and what will that become?
This person is truly beautiful both inside and out
.  Beautiful in appearance and character.  It was morning.
Once the sun has risen, what will it truly become
?  The moon is bright.  There.
What should an ugly person do when they're with a beautiful person?  What
happens when a beautiful person is next to an ugly person?
I'm ugly, but I have to hang out with pretty people,
what am I supposed to do?  I'm beautiful, but if I hang out with
ugly friends, what am I supposed to do?  So, I've
answered those questions today.
Because of fate, today we have the opportunity to wear
makeup, to become beautiful with
cosmetics and clothing, but Yen greatly
admires our fellow practitioners for being beautiful
from the inside out.  After such a ceremony is
over, they just throw the oxen aside and dive back into
work.  They immediately jumped into work
without any hesitation.  Look,
over there, the lotus dance group kept turning around and around, but we
couldn't see Yen dancing the lotus dance anywhere.  You have to
leave, you have to leave quickly, you still have to go to
work in your department, like spending money.
That means always being ready for
work, not getting caught up in
your clothes, not getting caught up in
fleeting things.  Do you see the general public?  We should always strive to
enrich our inner selves,
cultivate our virtues, and
open our minds.  So,
what kind of fragrance is it when we follow the Buddha's teachings?  The scent of a virtuous person travels
against the wind.
And we are the fragrance of virtuous people,
so what are we dressing for?
To encourage
others to join the path of Buddhism, to promote the
flourishing of Buddhist teachings, and to spread them
widely to all sentient beings.  Therefore, we
wear outfits like this, and we
have to use a little bit of powder like this, a little bit of lipstick like
this, okay?  But we don't
have anyone here to flirt with, absolutely no one.  Right
?  Therefore, we should only use this
as a means to accomplish the
task of accumulating merit.  Yen is
also very happy that in
our community, in our club,
new shoots are continuously sprouting.  These young MCs are just the beginning,
right?  The new MC is a fresh face.
So, Thu's child is here today, and
the head of the flower shop is Hai's nephew.  I'm back as
MC, and what was it
again?
Vi, that means Ly from my aunt's house, the old Ly, the
MC girl from our house, is my aunt's niece, Linh Linh is my cousin,
Aunt Ly is going to study abroad this August,
and now Vi has taken her place
.  So, are we so
fortunate that we have more than enough to enjoy it all?  They had more than enough to
enjoy it, so where did it all go?
Therefore, we must understand that in the
Buddha's teachings, once something has been
expounded, all the necessary conditions are met: if we
don't have it ourselves, someone else will.  Therefore,
we must hold fast to our Bodhisattva vow and
not abandon the community, otherwise we will suffer a
loss.  Not because of one's own karmic debt
.  If your karma is controlling
you and causing you to abandon the community, then
you must immediately realize what is causing you to abandon the community
.  If we abandon the
general public, there will actually be
others; we'll never lose them.
Because when the Dharma is
proclaimed, and there is a karmic connection with the proclaimed Dharma,
many beings have a karmic connection
with his teachings, causing
his teachings to flourish.
Therefore, Yen hopes that Buddhist teachings
will be spread more widely.  So,
all those who have the opportunity to promote
Buddhism will continue
to come here one after another.  So, as
old-timers, we should stand firm in our positions, remember
?  It's similar to the song that Yen and Truc sang during
Tet for the general public.  It seems like the person at the other end of the line is
sticking to their position.  Occasionally,
we listen to the New Year's bamboo flute melody again to
regain the energy for spiritual practice and the
energy of diligence.  Well, it's getting late now
.  May we all, in
future Buddha's Birthday celebrations, use
Indian clothing as a means to
encourage all those who have entered the faith to be
joyful.  Those who haven't converted to the religion yet should
learn about it.  Homage to the Buddha
Shakyamuni.
So today, Yen won't be doing any more divination because it's getting
very late.  Let's
dedicate the merit of this.  Remember,
tomorrow morning at 6:00 AM, or rather, tomorrow morning at 5:30 AM, you'll
connect and start working.  We dedicate the merit of our actions
.
I vow
to dedicate the
merit of this deed
to all
disciples and sentient beings so that they may
all choose to attain
Buddhahood. I also wish to announce that I
will